okay we'll try this got these two
thermometers here's the Morgan we're
gone scientific I believe it's called
mark 1 m8 LT when I mash that each probe
marked differently I've been using this
for a while see my probes picking up 90
degrees our target tense 165 going to
the beer tools pro we should take about
18 minutes
we got going trying a different camera
here just a little cheap hundred-dollar
vivitar I picked up don't know how long
it'll record on this memory card or what
the quality will be we'll give it a shot
all right got the probe in there
the what can
this little clamp right here
did you don't lose our probe down under
the water line
right at 606 see how this was three here
105 so there's analogues not going to
back but this right here I can clip it
on my side walk around with it do
whatever I want when it hits 160 it'll
tell me it's almost done
in the little reminder again just
alleyway time and i'll put this one in
the mesh we get started a run in the
ground